The emperor has repeatedly given birth like me for no reason
Please forgive me
I'm going to kill him with my own hands
Boy, I'll give you a chance.
If you can't be clean
I will destroy your nine clans
Mr. Dong
You didn't realize that this Magpie Bridge Immortal is just the remains of a half-sparrow
That's not possible.
Magpie Bridge Immortal was done by this young master himself
How could it be a half-sparrow silkworm slice?
What about Magpie Bridge Immortal?
It's not just a poem title.
It's a word tag.
The poem contains 56 characters
Did you just recite going up or down?
What's next?
Mr. Dong, this poem was not written by you
Read it out now
Hurry up and carry it or you will be the Seventh Army
Why do you say it will go on?
There is the second half of the sentence
Because I wrote this poem
I said yes, of course there is.
Then you say you did it
Then you can read the whole article
Then listen to me